Game:
Slime Climb

Link:


Creators:
Liam Gurney - Lead Programmer
Gianluca Rizzo - Lead Level Designer
Anneke Marx - Lead Artist

Special Thanks:
Sierra Van Riel for composing our soundtrack
Our many friends that agreed to playtest and break our game

Description:
Slime Climb is a 2D platformer built around a slingshot-like movement mechanic
which the player must use to climb through the level as fast as possible with
a constant danger encroaching from below. With a trajectory arc and slowed time
while aiming that can be adjusted in the difficulty settings, it is aimed at
allowing novices to beat the game through planned jumps and slower progression,
while allowing anyone that masters the mechanics to speedrun the game and be
rewarded for their fast and dangerous gameplay. Included are mobile and PC versions.

Implementations:
The level design is entirely original and all level elements were built from scratch
with inspiration from classic and modern platformers.
All sound effects were taken from freely available online sources, and the soundtrack
was composed by an outside member, Sierra Van Riel.
All art assets such as sprites, animations and background images (excluding the dotted
line sprite) are original creations.
The trajectory arc mechanic was based on this tutorial:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p8e4Kpl9b28
but was heavily editted to accomodate the increased intricacy of the simulated
GameObject, the desired limitations for gameplay balance, and the 2D nature of the game.
The MovementState used the concepts in this tutorial:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c3iEl5AwUF8
and heavily expanded them to account for platform checks in all four directions
and handling the detection of and interaction with different platform types.
The main jump mechanic and all platform and level element interactions were
created from scratch, as were the handling of power-ups, the interactions with
Big Daddy, the slow time effect when aiming, and all other physics interactions,
including switched use of materials based on context and manual calculations and
overrides of velocities.
The menus were built onto the basic concepts in this tutorial:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zc8ac_qUXQY
The difficulty settings and their handling through PlayerPrefs, including handling how
these affect gameplay and scoring was built from scratch.
The timer and scoring system were built from scratch.
Scrolling text used in the intro cutscene and end of level scoreboard was based on:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z8efnBeXHeQ
The very basics of 2D animation and use of tilemaps was gained from this tutorial:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aTB-5aE0POw
"Coyote Time" was implemented from scratch but based on Celeste.
The use of seperate up and down gravity was based on this tutorial:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcw6nuc2uaU
Any other features, assets, GameObjects, and implementations not explicity listed
were built from scratch.
